Add Note about rosidl_target_interfaces deprecation in Humble (#1798)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Humble-Hawksbill.rst

This was the default behavior, and the behavior which the ``tf2_ros::TransformListener`` class expected before, so most code will not have to be changed.
Any code that was relying on ``robot_state_publisher`` to periodically publish static transforms to ``/tf`` will have to be updated to subscribe to ``/tf_static`` as a ``transient_local`` subscription instead.

rosidl_cmake
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Deprecatation of ``rosidl_target_interfaces()``
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecation of ``rosidl_target_interfaces()``
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

> The CMake function ``rosidl_target_interfaces()`` has been deprecated.
> It now issues a CMake warning when it is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CMake function ``rosidl_target_interfaces()`` has been deprecated, and now issues a CMake warning when called.
```

> Users wanting to use messages/services/actions in the same ROS package that generated them should instead call ``rosidl_get_typesupport_target()`` and then  ``target_link_libraries()`` to make their targets depend on the returned typesupport target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users wanting to use messages/services/actions in the same ROS package that generated them should instead call ``rosidl_get_typesupport_target()`` and then ``target_link_libraries()`` to make their targets depend on the returned typesupport target.
```

Reviewer: Also, it is probably a good idea to leave a link to one of the PRs that we used to fix this in the core (like https://github.com/ros2/demos/pull/529); that way users will have an example of what they are supposed to do.

Author: Added a link for an example in https://github.com/ros2/demos/pull/529/files
